test(LIVE-34156): update earn v2 ice-cold-start E2E tests for earnSimulator/earnUpselling UI (#19623)
LedgerHQ/ledger-live: e2e/desktop/docs/add-or-update-e2e.md

- Use `@step` decorator in Page Objects
- Access methods via `app` fixture (e.g., `app.layout`, `app.send`, `app.speculos`)
- **MANDATORY:** Test on all 6 device models (LNS, LNSP, LNX, STAX, FLEX, NG5) before marking tests complete
- **Every `test()` must include a TMS annotation** with a valid Xray ticket ID. Omitting it causes
  `getDescription(test.info().annotations, "TMS")` to return the literal string `"Type not found"`,
  which `addTmsLink()` and the JSON reporter then propagate as a bogus Xray entry.

  ```typescript
  const xrayTicket = "B2CQA-XXXX"; // obtain from QA before merging
  test(
    "description",
    {
      tag: buildTags({ currencyId: account.currency.id }),
      annotation: { type: "TMS", description: xrayTicket },
    },
    async ({ app }) => { ... },
  );
  ```

> - **Always declare `lwdWallet40` flags explicitly in `test.use({ featureFlags })`** — never rely on the `E2E_DESKTOP_FEATURE_FLAGS` environment variable to gate which UI elements you assert. CI may set `wallet40-q2` (enabling `earnUpselling: true` → `crowd-favourites`), while a local run without the variable defaults to Q1 (`earnUpselling: false` → different UI). Tests that pass locally but exercise different elements than CI do not provide confidence. Use `FF_LWD_WALLET_40_Q2_NO_ANALYTICS_CONSENT` (not `FF_LWD_WALLET_40_Q2`) to also suppress the analytics consent dialog that appears under Q2 flags.

Reviewer: @beths-ledger I'm not sure this rule provides clarity or improves guidelines. Tests should be written from default flags perspective, the`E2E_DESKTOP_FEATURE_FLAGS` variable offers an optional preset for early and experimental testing.

Please consider removing this rule as tests should be written based on default (no explicit value for the variable) and only specify `test.use({ featureFlags })` overrides if the test is validating functionality specific to that feature configuration.

Author: The `E2E_DESKTOP_FEATURE_FLAGS` variable was only running on CI and not on local runs, making it very difficult to fix failures that were no replicable. So we do need a way of ensuring they stay aligned. If we are going experimental on the e2e tests & adding some new feature flags, we need to apply that flag config to all of the local tests, e.g. in the `pnpm e2e` run command, so that we can still debug the _same_ tests locally, without hidden divergence.

Reviewer: Please see `E2E_DESKTOP_FEATURE_FLAGS` and `E2E_MOBILE_FEATURE_FLAGS` on the allure report overview for the value at runtime. Please also note 'defaults' has the same effect as not setting the value. Therefore a standard regression on Github Actions will have the same FF as a local run without the env var set. If you are debugging a run you could set the env var in your session to the one you see on the Allure report. Please note that you should assume the default / unset value when writing tests. If tests validate FF specific functionality then a test level override makes sense, however, we should not specify the FF as a blanket rule everywhere.

Author: modified accordingly

> - **Always declare `lwdWallet40` flags explicitly in `test.use({ featureFlags })`** — never rely on the `E2E_DESKTOP_FEATURE_FLAGS` environment variable to gate which UI elements you assert. CI may set `wallet40-q2` (enabling `earnUpselling: true` → `crowd-favourites`), while a local run without the variable defaults to Q1 (`earnUpselling: false` → different UI). Tests that pass locally but exercise different elements than CI do not provide confidence. Use `FF_LWD_WALLET_40_Q2_NO_ANALYTICS_CONSENT` (not `FF_LWD_WALLET_40_Q2`) to also suppress the analytics consent dialog that appears under Q2 flags.

Author: ```suggestion
- Be aware that there may be environment variables to gate which UI elements you can assert on. For example, CI may set `wallet40-q2` (enabling `earnUpselling: true` → `crowd-favourites`), while a local run without the variable defaults to Q1 (`earnUpselling: false` → different UI). So tests may pass locally but exercise different elements than CI. '
- As such, you may need to declare flags explicitly in `test.use({ featureFlags })` if your UI varies based on specific feature flag parameters or configurations.
```
